README.md, before:

# Twitch Chatbot - InsanityMeetsHH

This application based on [Vue Skeleton](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/vue-skeleton).

## Required
* [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/en/download/)
* [npm](http://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) `$ npm i npm@latest -g`
* [gulp-cli](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-cli) `$ npm i gulp-cli@latest -g`
* PHP >= 5.3
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) ([for installation with Docker](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/tree/develop#installation-with-docker))

## Installation (Recommended)
```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot.git [app-name]
$ cd [app-name]
$ git checkout develop
$ (optional) rm -rf .git (unix) / rmdir .git /s (windows)
$ npm i
$ gulp build
$ -- Add username, tmiToken and channels to src/app/chatbot.json ---
$ node chatbot.js
$ gulp (in development)
```
Change `browserSyncInit` task in [`gulpfile.js`](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/gulpfile.js), if you want to use Docker as server.

## Chatbot Commands
|                     | Description                                                                                                                      |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| about               | !about, !chatbot, !bug, !help                                                                                                    |
| counter             | counter increased if user counts from 1 - 99 without interruption                                                                |
| playlistInfo        | !info, !plan, !programm, !sendeplan                                                                                              |
| rollDice            | e.g. !d6 or !d56w6 - first digit can be from 1 - 99 and second from 1 - 9                                                        |

Chatbot Commands can be actived for each channel at [`src/js/chatbot/app.js`](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/src/js/chatbot/app.js#L417) (chatbot.commands.active).

## Project Commands
|                     | Description                                                                                                                      |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| gulp                | watch files and start [BrowserSync](https://www.npmjs.com/package/browser-sync)                                                  |
| gulp build          | executes following tasks: cleanUp, scss, scssLint, js, jsLint, jsRequire, json, img, font, svg, vue, vueLint, vueJs, vueJsLint   |
| gulp lintAll        | executes following tasks: scssLint, jsLint, vueLint, vueJsLint                                                                   |
| gulp cleanUp        | clean up public folder                                                                                                           |
| gulp font           | copy font files                                                                                                                  |
| gulp img            | copy and compress images                                                                                                         |
| gulp js             | uglify, minify and concat js files                                                                                               |
| gulp jsLint         | checks js follows [lint rules](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/src/app/js-lint.json)               | 
| gulp jsRequire      | copy, uglify and rename files for requirejs                                                                                      |
| gulp json           | copy and minify json files                                                                                                       |
| gulp scss           | compile, minify and concat scss files                                                                                            |
| gulp scssLint       | checks scss follows [lint rules](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/src/app/scss-lint.json)           |
| gulp svg            | copy and compress svg files                                                                                                      |
| gulp vue            | transpile vue files                                                                                                              |
| gulp vueLint        | checks vue follows [lint rules](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/src/app/vue-lint.json)             |
| gulp vueJs          | transpile vue js files                                                                                                           |
| gulp vueJsLint      | checks vue js follows [lint rules](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/src/app/import-lint.json)       |
| gulp chatbotLint    | checks chatbot js follows [lint rules](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/src/app/import-lint.json)   |
| gulp watch          | watch scss, js, json, vue, chatbot, img, font and svg files                                                                      |

## Ports
|                     | Description                                                                                                                      |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 3000                | [BrowserSync](https://www.npmjs.com/package/browser-sync)                                                                        |
| 3001                | [BrowserSync UI](https://www.npmjs.com/package/browser-sync)                                                                     |
| 3050                | Docker Container (twitch-chatbot)                                                                                                |
| 3100                | Main Window (Skateboard Socket for Web UI)                                                                                       |
| 3110                | Chat Window (Skateboard Socket for Web UI)                                                                                       |
| 3120                | Video Window (Skateboard Socket for Web UI)                                                                                      |

## Component Features
### Chat
* Timestamp
* Badges
* Custom User Color
* "/me" Messages
* Cheers
* Subs, Resubs, Sub Gifts (random and specific), Gift Upgrades
* Bans, Timeouts, Deletes
* Now Hosting, Hosted By, Raided By, Unhost
* Clickable Links
* Twitch Emotes

### Playlist
* Play local files which saved in `public/video/`
* Play YouTube Videos
* Skip Videos
* Move Videos
* Remove Videos
* Clear Playlist
* Remove Played Videos
* Reset Playlist
* Add Video
* playlistInfo Command

## Localization
* [`i18n-locales.js`](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/src/js/vue/app/i18n-locales.js)
* [`langswitch.vue`](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/src/js/vue/component/partial/langswitch.vue)

## Installation with [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
* Get project via `$ git clone https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot.git` or [zip download](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/archive/develop.zip)
* Open a command prompt on your OS (if not already open) and navigate to the project folder
* `$ git checkout develop`
* `$ npm i`
* `$ gulp build`
* `$ docker-compose up -d`
* Open [localhost:3050](http://localhost:3050) for website
* If you want to remove the container `$ docker rm twitch-chatbot -f`
* If you want to remove the volume `$ docker volume rm DIRNAME_logs` (first remove matching container)

## Links
* [Twitch Messaging Interface](https://github.com/tmijs/docs/tree/gh-pages/_posts)
* [Twitch TMI Token](https://twitchapps.com/tmi/)
* [Twitch API Token](https://dev.twitch.tv/)
* [ESLint Js Rules](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/)
* [ESLint Vue Rules](https://vuejs.github.io/eslint-plugin-vue/rules/)
* [ESLint Import Rules](https://github.com/benmosher/eslint-plugin-import/tree/master/docs/rules)
* [Sass Lint Rules](https://github.com/sasstools/sass-lint/tree/develop/docs/rules)
* [Vue SFC](https://github.com/nfplee/gulp-vue-single-file-component)
* [Path to RegExp](https://github.com/pillarjs/path-to-regexp/tree/v1.7.0#parameters)
* [Moment Parsing (Date Format)](https://momentjs.com/docs/#/parsing/)

Commit message:

Added chatbot.getCommands() Added chatbot.updateCommand() Added chatbot.updateCommandLastExec() Added chatbot,prepareCommands() Added chatbot.removeVideosByFlag() Added ports for raffle, poll and counter Added save icon Added getChatClass() in chat.vue Added commands.vue Added isInvalidHours() in playlist.vue Added isInvalidMin() in playlist.vue Added isInvalidSec() in playlist.vue Added removeVideosByFlag() in playlist.vue Added _commands.scss Added _counter.scss Added XXL breakpoint Changed all "skip" to "skipped" Changed chatbot.commands to chatbot.commandList Changed commands about and playlistInfo case insensitive Changed all time formats Changed channel.vue Changed platform/empty.vue Changed counter.vue Changed _channels.scss Changed _chat.scss Changed _video.scss Changed command active detection in chatbot.js Changed README.md Removed chatbot.commands.active and replaced by chatbot.commands and commands.json Removed table style in _playlist.scss and placed in _datatables.scss Fixed "app" translation Fixed grid in channels.vue Fixed init loop in data-table.js

README.md, after:

# Twitch Chatbot - InsanityMeetsHH

This application based on [Vue Skeleton](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/vue-skeleton).

## Required
* [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/en/download/)
* [npm](http://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) `$ npm i npm@latest -g`
* [gulp-cli](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-cli) `$ npm i gulp-cli@latest -g`
* PHP >= 5.3
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) ([for installation with Docker](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/tree/develop#installation-with-docker))

## Installation (Recommended)
```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot.git [app-name]
$ cd [app-name]
$ git checkout develop
$ (optional) rm -rf .git (unix) / rmdir .git /s (windows)
$ npm i
$ gulp build
$ -- Add username, tmiToken and channels to src/app/chatbot.json ---
$ node chatbot.js
$ gulp (in development)
```
Change `browserSyncInit` task in [`gulpfile.js`](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/gulpfile.js), if you want to use Docker as server.

## Project Commands
|                     | Description                                                                                                                      |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| gulp                | watch files and start [BrowserSync](https://www.npmjs.com/package/browser-sync)                                                  |
| gulp build          | executes following tasks: cleanUp, scss, scssLint, js, jsLint, jsRequire, json, img, font, svg, vue, vueLint, vueJs, vueJsLint   |
| gulp lintAll        | executes following tasks: scssLint, jsLint, vueLint, vueJsLint                                                                   |
| gulp cleanUp        | clean up public folder                                                                                                           |
| gulp font           | copy font files                                                                                                                  |
| gulp img            | copy and compress images                                                                                                         |
| gulp js             | uglify, minify and concat js files                                                                                               |
| gulp jsLint         | checks js follows [lint rules](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/src/app/js-lint.json)               | 
| gulp jsRequire      | copy, uglify and rename files for requirejs                                                                                      |
| gulp json           | copy and minify json files                                                                                                       |
| gulp scss           | compile, minify and concat scss files                                                                                            |
| gulp scssLint       | checks scss follows [lint rules](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/src/app/scss-lint.json)           |
| gulp svg            | copy and compress svg files                                                                                                      |
| gulp vue            | transpile vue files                                                                                                              |
| gulp vueLint        | checks vue follows [lint rules](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/src/app/vue-lint.json)             |
| gulp vueJs          | transpile vue js files                                                                                                           |
| gulp vueJsLint      | checks vue js follows [lint rules](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/src/app/import-lint.json)       |
| gulp chatbotLint    | checks chatbot js follows [lint rules](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/src/app/import-lint.json)   |
| gulp watch          | watch scss, js, json, vue, chatbot, img, font and svg files                                                                      |

## Ports
|                     | Description                                                                                                                      |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 3000                | [BrowserSync](https://www.npmjs.com/package/browser-sync)                                                                        |
| 3001                | [BrowserSync UI](https://www.npmjs.com/package/browser-sync)                                                                     |
| 3050                | Docker Container (twitch-chatbot)                                                                                                |
| 3100                | Main Window (Skateboard Socket for Web UI)                                                                                       |
| 3110                | Chat Window (Skateboard Socket for Web UI)                                                                                       |
| 3120                | Video Window (Skateboard Socket for Web UI)                                                                                      |
| 3130                | Raffle Window (Skateboard Socket for Web UI)                                                                                     |
| 3140                | Poll Window (Skateboard Socket for Web UI)                                                                                       |
| 3150                | Counter Window (Skateboard Socket for Web UI)                                                                                    |

## Chatbot Commands
|                     | Description                                                                                                                      |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| about               | !about, !chatbot, !bug, !help                                                                                                    |
| counter             | counter increased if users counts from 1 - 99 without interruption                                                                |
| playlistInfo        | !info, !plan, !programm, !sendeplan                                                                                              |
| rollDice            | e.g. !d6 or !d56w6 - first digit can be from 1 - 99 and second from 1 - 9                                                        |

## Web UI Features
### Chat
* Timestamp
* Badges
* Custom User Color
* "/me" Messages
* Cheers
* Subs, Resubs, Sub Gifts (random and specific), Gift Upgrades
* Bans, Timeouts, Deletes
* Now Hosting, Hosted By, Raided By, Unhost
* Clickable Links
* Twitch Emotes

### Playlist
* Play local files which saved in `public/video/`
* Play YouTube Videos
* Skip Videos
* Move Videos
* Remove Videos
* Clear Playlist
* Remove Played Videos
* Reset Playlist
* Add Video
* playlistInfo Command
* Video url `/channel/[channel]/video` to use browser source in OBS

### Commands
* Cooldown
* Active State
* Last Execution Time

## Localization
* [`i18n-locales.js`](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/src/js/vue/app/i18n-locales.js)
* [`langswitch.vue`](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/blob/develop/src/js/vue/component/partial/langswitch.vue)

## Installation with [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
* Get project via `$ git clone https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot.git` or [zip download](https://github.com/InsanityMeetsHH/twitch-chatbot/archive/develop.zip)
* Open a command prompt on your OS (if not already open) and navigate to the project folder
* `$ git checkout develop`
* `$ npm i`
* `$ gulp build`
* `$ docker-compose up -d`
* Open [localhost:3050](http://localhost:3050) for website
* If you want to remove the container `$ docker rm twitch-chatbot -f`
* If you want to remove the volume `$ docker volume rm DIRNAME_logs` (first remove matching container)

## Links
* [Twitch Messaging Interface](https://github.com/tmijs/docs/tree/gh-pages/_posts)
* [Twitch TMI Token](https://twitchapps.com/tmi/)
* [Twitch API Token](https://dev.twitch.tv/)
* [ESLint Js Rules](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/)
* [ESLint Vue Rules](https://vuejs.github.io/eslint-plugin-vue/rules/)
* [ESLint Import Rules](https://github.com/benmosher/eslint-plugin-import/tree/master/docs/rules)
* [Sass Lint Rules](https://github.com/sasstools/sass-lint/tree/develop/docs/rules)
* [Vue SFC](https://github.com/nfplee/gulp-vue-single-file-component)
* [Path to RegExp](https://github.com/pillarjs/path-to-regexp/tree/v1.7.0#parameters)
* [Moment Parsing (Date Format)](https://momentjs.com/docs/#/parsing/)
