UPGRADE.md, before:

### Upgrade in general
- Stop chatbot (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>C</kbd>)
- `$ npm install --only=prod` or `$ npm install`
- Follow the instructions below
- Start chatbot `$ node chatbot.js`

### Upgrade from 1.11.0 to 1.12.0
- Before you upgrade
- Remove node_modules
- Remove package.json
- Download upgrade
```bash
$ npm i --only=prod / npm i
$ ----------------- / gulp build
```

### Upgrade from 1.10.0 to 1.11.0
Nothing you have to do.

### Upgrade from 1.9.x to 1.10.0
Nothing you have to do.

### Upgrade from 1.8.0 to 1.9.0
Default command !bots has changed.
See:
- [Chatbot Commands for Streamer and Moderators](#chatbot-commands-for-streamer-and-moderators)
- [Bot List Options for Streamer and Moderators](#bot-list-options-for-streamer-and-moderators)

### Upgrade from 1.7.0 to 1.8.0
Nothing you have to do.

### Upgrade from 1.6.x to 1.7.0
`adminer-4.6.2.php` was removed from repo and has to be installed with composer.
See: [Install PHP, Adminer and Web UI](https://github.com/CodelineRed/twitch-chatbot/#install-php-adminer-and-web-ui-optional).

### Upgrade from 1.5.0 to 1.6.x
Nothing you have to do.

### Upgrade from 1.4.0 to 1.5.0
Add `"performance": 1,` or `"performance": 0,` in `src/app/chatbot.json`

### Upgrade from 1.3.0 to 1.4.0
Add `"backup": true,` or `"backup": false,` in `src/app/chatbot.json`

### Upgrade from 1.2.x to 1.3.0
`$ node migration.js -f version-1.3.0`

### Upgrade from 1.1.0 to 1.2.x
Nothing you have to do.

### Upgrade from 1.0.x to 1.1.0
Nothing you have to do.

Commit message:

Added migration/version-1.14.0.js Added translations in chatbot/locales.js Added title/ date combinationen to setChart()in page/statistic.vue Added whisper output to onMessage() in chatbot.js
Changed data/chatbot.dist.sqlite3
Changed emote.add() in chatbot/emote.js
Changed statistic.getChart() in chatbot/statistic.js
Changed viewerCount.add() in chatbot/viewer-count.js
Changed README.md
Changed @babel/core 7.23.2 to 7.23.5
Changed @babel/plugin-transform-modules-amd 7.23.0 to 7.23.3
Changed datatables.net 1.13.6 to 1.13.8
Changed datatables.net-bs4 1.13.6 to 1.13.8

Fixed viewer count from a wrong channel was saved
Fixed whispers breaking the bot

UPGRADE.md, after:

### Upgrade in general
- Stop chatbot (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>C</kbd>)
- `npm install --only=prod` or `npm install`
- Follow the instructions below
- Start chatbot `node chatbot.js`

### Upgrade from 1.13.0 to 1.14.0
`node migration.js -f version-1.14.0`

### Upgrade from 1.12.0 to 1.13.0
Nothing you have to do.

### Upgrade from 1.11.0 to 1.12.0
- Before you upgrade
- Remove node_modules
- Remove package.json
- Download upgrade
````shell
npm i --only=prod
````
OR
````shell
npm i
gulp build
````

### Upgrade from 1.10.0 to 1.11.0
Nothing you have to do.

### Upgrade from 1.9.x to 1.10.0
Nothing you have to do.

### Upgrade from 1.8.0 to 1.9.0
Default command !bots has changed.
See:
- [Chatbot Commands for Streamer and Moderators](#chatbot-commands-for-streamer-and-moderators)
- [Bot List Options for Streamer and Moderators](#bot-list-options-for-streamer-and-moderators)

### Upgrade from 1.7.0 to 1.8.0
Nothing you have to do.

### Upgrade from 1.6.x to 1.7.0
`adminer-4.6.2.php` was removed from repo and has to be installed with composer.
See: [Install PHP, Adminer and Web UI](https://github.com/CodelineRed/twitch-chatbot/#install-php-adminer-and-web-ui-optional).

### Upgrade from 1.5.0 to 1.6.x
Nothing you have to do.

### Upgrade from 1.4.0 to 1.5.0
Add `"performance": 1,` or `"performance": 0,` in `src/app/chatbot.json`

### Upgrade from 1.3.0 to 1.4.0
Add `"backup": true,` or `"backup": false,` in `src/app/chatbot.json`

### Upgrade from 1.2.x to 1.3.0
`node migration.js -f version-1.3.0`

### Upgrade from 1.1.0 to 1.2.x
Nothing you have to do.

### Upgrade from 1.0.x to 1.1.0
Nothing you have to do.
